Architectural 
Professionals
At Your Service.


aboutus
We are committed to the creation and design of people-centered environments.



Project 1: Union New Development
Location: Asione Estate
Johannesburg, South Africa
This project is a new development of 12 houses that features the same culture and finishes for a more uniformity look to the estate.

 

This is the first project to our client who is a new property developer in the Area of Johannesburg. The clients brief was simplicity.

 

The house have 3 bedrooms, open plan dining, lounge and kitchen with a beautiful exterior finishes and space for landscape and garden fanatics. A Tuscan roof with
roman colors and a fireplace to give the house a warm feel and energy efficient.

 

A perfect living for a Family.





Project 2: Ebotse Gold Estate, Benoni
Location: Johannesburg, South Africa
Client: Mabona Family
 
This magnificent home is one of the finest homes on Ebotse with incredibly spectacular views and up market fittings throughout. A home for a sophisticated family with double volume entrance hall and double glass doors and an elegantly sweeping stairway inviting you to explore the upstairs sanctum.


Some of the many features of this masterful property are: An open plan area which encompasses the formal lounge with ceiling TV, elegant dining room, family room and entertainment area with a snooker table and inviting bar area. All leading to the covered patio area with gas braai, ideal for entertaining, with sweeping waterfront views.


There is also a Cinema Room and Study, which are both tastefully laid out fitting their purpose. The master chef kitchen is equipped with Miele appliances and includes plenty of cupboard space and a built-in fridge. There is a separate scullery, laundry and pantry.


The 4 spacious and inviting bedrooms are all en-suite, with dressing rooms and all lead onto the curved balcony which gives gorgeous panoramic waterfront views. There is a hobby room off the main bedroom and the pajama lounge has its own kitchenette with fridge. For the health conscious, there is a Gym area with a steam room and toilet. 


A very meticulous client was met on this project.






Project 3: Ermelo
Location: Mpumalanga, South Africa
Special attention was paid to the street façade to create an inviting entrance with a water feature. 

 

The client also requested a new guest bedroom on first floor, to open up the living areas, and redesign the bedroom section which had an ‘old school’ style long dark passage. The house was designed to the estate face brick look but with a touch of modern architecture over hang slab with decking which complemented the water feature. This house features a private kitchen with a open plan living dining experience, a bar area and braai area.  

​

A very comfortable home for a small family.







Project 4: Kwamhlanga 
Location: Mpumalanga, South Africa
Client: Kekae Family
This beautiful home is tucked in on the hills of kwamhlanga. 

 

On this project, the client was very clear about the expectations of achieving a home that presented itself as dynamic and exciting externally, yet addressed all the specific internal requirements in terms of space planning and room allocation. With the location being on a mountain , the potential view from the home would be competing with existing foliage and neighboring houses.

​

This contest was ultimately resolved by rotating the axis of the home at a 45 degree angle to both the road frontage and adjacent properties resulting in unobstructed views of both the mountains and upcoming golf course. This dream home features , 8 bed rooms all equipped with en-suits and dressers, an open plan dining , kitchen and lounge feel that leads to the main pool and entertainment area. This house is equipped with a gym and sonar in the basement. a gym that shares a main wall with the pool.

The first floor has a pyjama lounge and a cinema alongside other bedrooms.




Project 5: Serengeti Residence Location: Johannesburg, South Africa
Client: Lepasa Family
This contemporary home is located on a suburban gold estate, in the east of Johannesburg, South Africa. The homes visual success is due to its perfectly balanced bond of earthly texture with high gloss finishes. The brief was to create a stylish family home with ecological sound design that will maximise the balance between indoor and outdoor living.


This architectural piece is a double storey with an open-plan living area downstairs, an upstairs Pyjama lounge, a study and 5 master bedroom equipped with walk in dressers and luxury en-suits. This home combines the use of steel, wood and glass modernist elements. The facade features, a dark cladding wall with twin and single glass into plat aluminium frame garage doors. 


The landscape brings visual continuity by an infinity pool with a unique triangular shape.





Stay In Touch.
BNM Designs SA
1 Foley St, Jan Smuts Ville, Boksburg,1459

​

bnmarchitects1@gmail.com

 

Tel: +27 11 736 1100

Cell: +27 73 090 6678 

Black Twitter Icon
Black Instagram Icon


Projects.

We’re proud of all of our outstanding projects from around the country, and invite you to take a look and get inspired. From the Ermelo to Kwamhlanga, we’re able to design whatever our clients need. Feel free to contact us to learn more about our architecture designs and to see how we can turn your dream into a reality.

About Us
BNM Designs SA was founded in 2014.

​

Founded by a young engineering minded and architecturally driven Karabo Maleka & attorney Nthabiseng Maleka.

​

With an innovative and creative approach to architecture, we at BNM Designs provide a professional and personal service that guarantees client satisfaction. Our services can be provided independently or in combination to meet our client's requirements or expectations and policy. As a multi-disciplinary practice, we adapt to managing professionals from diverse disciplines and design our services to each client's needs and competence. We have the capacity, experience and expertise to work on large projects, and respond with equal eagerness to small and medium-scale assignments.

2D Architectural
DESIGN
2D Concept Design of Site and Building

​

2D Floor Plan: Sections, Details and Design Scale

​

2D Construction Drawings

3D Architectural Floor plans
3D Colour Render Images

​

Including wall colour, materials, furnture and textures

​

Design visual potential

3d model creation
2D CAD File into 3D Model

​

High Quality Images, PDFs, Photo-sketch to Sketch-up

​

Detail of furniture and materials

3d architectural
rendering
Photo realistic 3D render colour images

​

Including wall color, materials, furniture and textures

​

Scene/Background creation with environment.

VR ARCHITECTURAL
WALKTHROUGH
Navigate Design within the environment with a virtual walkthrough

​

VR Headset - Experience the design for construction changes, sales and marketing tool

​

View design from any PC or mobile device

360 Panoramic image
360 images created from 3D model

​

360 images created from existing Jpeg files

​

Photo Editing: Sharpness, Contrast, Brightness, Colour Correction, Remove Chromatic Aberration.

Our Team.
7d0cefd2-b45b-42b3-945e-0148481f85c0.jpg
Karabo Maleka
Partner/Architect
bnmarchitects1@gmail.com

Tel: +27 11 736 1100

​

6c6db732-4a25-4c3f-bd53-adf8255fc614.jpg
Nthabiseng Maleka
Partner
bnmarchitects@gmail.com

Tel: +27 11 736 1100